<meta name="description" content="Cole's overcomplicated rules. The first rule set that we have record of." />

# v1.1.0

* Table of Contents
{:toc}

Note: I tried to make these as comprehensive as possible (as in, a warthog could be a moderator if they follow the rules), but if you think something can be changed, DM me @coleh.

## Section 1: Basic Rules

1.  Names should be phonetically pronounceable, in general. There are exceptions to this rule, which are detailed in Part 3.
2.  Spam is not allowed. This includes basic spam, misplaced NSFW images, and/or _excessive_ cussing.
3.  Impersonation, whether of someone we know IRL or on the internet, is prohibited without the explicit permission of the person in question.
4.  At least half of someone's messages should be helpful and collaborative.
5.  Hate speech is not tolerated.

## Section 2: Technical Definitions

Common Sense
: Something agreed on by the majority of society

Phonetically Pronounceable
: Able to be spoken, in 1 minute or less, by a native speaker of the language spoken by the majority of the server.

Spam
: Any message sent within 0.1 seconds of another by the same person.
: Two messages by the same person within 4 hours of one another that both include @everyone.
: More than one message including a link posted by the same person within 1 second.
: Any NSFW image posted in a non-NSFW chat.

Impersonation
: Purposefully pretending to be someone who you are not.

Hate Speech
: Messages that personally attack another user based on their identity

Bot
: Any Discord account which is a bot account and has the @Bot role

We
: The majority of the community.

## Section 3: Exceptions

Your name is not required to be phonetically pronounceable if:

*   It is more than 20% similar to your IRL name (first or last)
*   It is a common word in the language spoken by the majority of the server.
*   It is two syllables or less.

Spam is allowed if:

*   The person in question is a bot.
*   The person in question is in #bot-poking

## Section 4: Consequences

Violations of _any_ rules will probably result in a warning about the consequences of more rule-breaking.

Violations of Rule 1 can result in:

*   Requests to change your nickname.
*   Manual nickname changes.

Violations of Rule 2 can result in:

*   Deletion of messages.
    *   This will be used for the first through fifth offenses.
*   Removal of chatting abilities, except in the #time-out chat.
    *   For the sixth offense, this will last 10 minutes.
    *   For the seventh offense, this will last 15 minutes.
    *   For the eighth offense, this will last 25 minutes.
    *   For the ninth offense, this will last 30 minutes.
    *   For the tenth offense, this will last 1 hour.
    *   For the eleventh offense, this will last 1.5 hours.
    *   For the twelfth offense, this will last 2 hours.
    *   For the thirteenth offense, this will last 3 hours.
    *   For the fourteenth offense, this will last 5 hours.
*   Being kicked/banned from the server.

Violations of Rule 3 will result in:

*   Being kicked/banned from the server.
*   This can be chosen by the person who was impersonated, if applicable. If not, you will be kicked.
*   The person you tried to impersonate may be notified (if applicable).Violations of Rule 4 will result in:
*   Removal of chatting abilities
    *   First offense: 5 minutes.
    *   Second offense: 15 minutes.
    *   Third offense: 30 minutes.
    *   Fourth offense: 1 hour.
*   Being kicked/banned from the server.