<meta name="description" content="Charlie's ruleset. Mostly memes" />
<meta name="author" content="Charlie">

# v3.1.0 

A few things to note about rules:

1.  Admins are permitted to "ignore" the rules if they have a reason to. The only current reason that this includes is warning someone else.
2.  Everyone must follow the rules regularly.
3.  The rules may change according to votes. Official votes allow Admins to make new rules.

1.  Play CS:GO today or you will be banned
2.  refrain from speaking in any chat at all if someone mentions an uncrustable. This is to worship their holy unbeing of being an uncrustable.
3.  If Black Jesus says something and you don't do it you don't get the n word pass
4.  Listen to Admins because they're better than you irl totally 100% they're admins because they're better i can assure you that is the reason
5.  If someone sends a meme and you say "ive seen it" or something along those lines, we have the right to sell your property to a private corperation.
6.  If you get exactly a 78.3% on a math test, you get admin
7.  If you have airpods you aren't allowed to wear them in case you can't hear us when we're telling you to play Pit
8.  If you know of someone named Freddy Horginson, please contact Eli for no reason and tell him hi freddy
9.  Do not verbally abuse any of the bots in their DMs. Bots have feelings too. (except you @Oink\_Bot (Mark's Bot) no one loves you \\d\\)moron)
10.  hEvA uFn!
11.  Nutting in November also gives the same punishment as rule #5.
12.  Every time John, Paul, or Adam say they don't want to start a debate, it is your duty to make sure that you start a debate and make sure they are well aware they started the debate. Failure to do so will result in the loss of 3-5 kidneys, depending on how many stomachs you have.
13.  If any minecraft server suddenly goes down or crashes, it's Coleman's fault for going negative speed.