
<meta name="description" content="How free @everyones can be used" />

# Free @everyone Terms and Conditions

## Distribution

For the New Years holiday of 2020-2021, every user with the role of Lord will recieve one "free @everyone ticket", which will be uniquely identified by an eight-digit code.
This code will facilitate transfer between users (e.g. "I'll give you my @everyone in exchange for 7 diamonds"), while also preventing reuse.
Codes will be generated by taking the leading eight characters from the SHA1 result of the following concatenation: 
- `user's name issued to` + 
- `Unix timestamp of time issued` +
- `random six-digit hexidecimal code generated with Javascript's crypto services`

## Tracking & Preventing Reuse

When it is generated, the full SHA256 hash formed by the generated code will be saved to a Google spreadsheet owned by Paul. This spreadsheet will be made public.
Having valid hash values be public, but not the codes themselves, allows anyone to verify a code's validity but disallows people from simply copying codes from the sheet.
When a code is used, its actual unhashed value will be added in the same row, but a separate column. It is then invalid for further use.

An example of such a table is below.

| Hash | Code |
|-|-|
| 316b6a877b9b0fddba46a0f99f6bbb455f6d3aff750a368c46f753fa63e026c9 | 3abf0348 |
| d7f78602b66ef30612487b68635c636c0f75e1126110a335ecc61fa8b19f5ff1 |  |

The first code, 3abf0348, has been used. The second code is unknown and cannot be derived from the hash, but can easily be associated with the hash if you have it.

## Usage

When using a free @everyone, you *must* include the code in your message and somehow identify it as the code. For example,
* ✔️ "@everyone i'm cool (free @e: 23c05ccf)" -- Valid. Code is included and identified.
* ❌ "@everyone mkblgmfkln 32trgghtfrde 23c05ccf" -- Not Valid. Code is technically included, but not identified as the free @everyone code.
* ❌"@everyone i'm cool and here's a code: 23c05ccf" -- Not Valid. Code is identified as a code, but not as the free @everyone code.
* ❌ "@everyone i'm cool" -- Not Valid. Code is not included.

A free @everyone **only** excuses/pardons any consequences from *the @everyone itself*.
It does **not** excuse any other consequences, such as those for inappropriate porn, slur words, or any other applicable rules.


