# v2.1.0

1.  Elections for roles will be held on the first of January and July every year.
2.  The people must vote for a new King every six months. A King cannot run for a second term. While it is recommended that people come up with a campaign if they are planning to run for King, write-in candidates are allowed. If someone is elected the King, they may decline. In this scenario the runner-up will become King. A former Hand of the King may run for King. A former Warden may run for King. AWD
3.  The people must vote for a new Hand of the King every six months. A former King may not become Hand of the King.
4.  The people must vote to keep Wardens every six months. However, unlike the higher ranks, only people who have supreme knowledge of the content become warden if they have high knowledge of the content. Generally, Wardens are only replaced if they don’t do their jobs or are surpassed in knowledge of content. A Warden may serve multiple terms. A former King may run for a Warden role. A former Hand of the King may run for a Warden role.
5.  A new Warden role may be added by majority vote of the server at any time, a person may be immediately elected by majority vote but will have to run once more at the six month elections. An old Warden may be eliminated by a majority vote of the server at any time.
6.  No spamming. While spamming is somewhat up to interpretation, the action of spamming a word or phrase multiple times in a row (especially something like @everyone or @here) can result in a strike.
7.  Three strikes will result in a person being stripped of all power and made a felon.